He flicked the horse with his whip, and we dashed away through the endless succession of sombre and
deserted streets, which widened gradually, until we were flying across a broad balustraded bridge,
with the murky river flowing sluggishly beneath us. Beyond lay another dull wilderness of bricks and
mortar, its silence broken only by the heavy, regular footfall of the policeman, or the songs and
shouts of some belated party of revellers. A dull wrack was drifting slowly across the sky, and a
star or two twinkled dimly here and there through the rifts of the clouds. Holmes drove in silence,
with his head sunk upon his breast, and the air of a man who is lost in thought, while I sat beside
him, curious to learn what this new quest might be which seemed to tax his powers so sorely, and yet
afraid to break in upon the current of his thoughts. We had driven several miles, and were beginning
to get to the fringe of the belt of suburban villas, when he shook himself, shrugged his shoulders,
and lit up his pipe with the air of a man who has satisfied himself that he is acting for the best.

"You have a grand gift of silence, Watson," said he. "It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
'Pon my word, it is a great thing for me to have someone to talk to, for my own thoughts are not
over-pleasant. I was wondering what I should say to this dear little woman to-night when she meets
me at the door."

"You forget that I know nothing about it."

"I shall just have time to tell you the facts of the case before we get to Lee. It seems absurdly
simple, and yet, somehow I can get nothing to go upon. There's plenty of thread, no doubt, but I
can't get the end of it into my hand. Now, I'll state the case clearly and concisely to you, Watson,
and maybe you can see a spark where all is dark to me."

"Proceed, then."

"Some years ago--to be definite, in May, 1884--there came to Lee a gentleman, Neville St. Clair by
name, who appeared to have plenty of money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely,
and lived generally in good style. By degrees he made friends in the neighbourhood, and in 1887 he
married the daughter of a local brewer, by whom he now has two children. He had no occupation, but
was interested in several companies and went into town as a rule in the morning, returning by the
5.14 from Cannon Street every night. Mr. St. Clair is now thirty-seven years of age, is a man of
temperate habits, a good husband, a very affectionate father, and a man who is popular with all who
know him. I may add that his whole debts at the present moment, as far as we have been able to
ascertain, amount to £88 10s., while he has £220 standing to his credit in the Capital and Counties
Bank. There is no reason, therefore, to think that money troubles have been weighing upon his mind.